Update to SNS docs #2 (WIP) (#1622)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/sns/tokenomics/index.md

In addition, during the preparation phase you might want to prepare the [integration of the SNS
with your dapp](../integrating/index.md).

> Moreover, you should [test](../testing/testing-before-launch.md) your settings and convince yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, you should [test](../testing/testing-before-launch.md) your settings and confirm
```
